Update saving-1000-hours-rstudio (#31)
rstudio/rstudio-conf-2022-program: sessions/makeovers/saving-1000-hours-rstudio.md

session_slug: makeovers
# ---- Edit information below this line ----
# The title of your talk

> talk_title: "Saving 1,000 hours with RStudio: selling R at workplace"

Reviewer: Small grammatical suggestion

```suggestion
talk_title: "Saving 1,000 hours with RStudio: selling R in your workplace"
```
